We installed Julia in the previous video, and irrespective of whether you're on Windows, Linux or
Mac, you will arrive at this prompt.
This is the Julia orrible prompt.
You can go ahead and say any come on over here.
So X is equal to five and you can say X. You can say Brandell an X and you can work with Julia over
here.
But this isn't very effective.
What we want to do is arrive at a notebook like environment, which you might be familiar with if you
work with Python.
And we want to set that up so that we can experiment with our code and learn more effectively in setting
that up.
We are also going to take a look at how packages are installed in Julia.
So for that, we have a built in package for installing packages.
We have a building package which we can import using the using commands.
So you can say using p.g.
So Picardy is the package that is used to install other packages in Julia.
You can say Pigot add and then give it the name of the package that you want to install.
So this is going to be Iulia.
Iulia is the package that allows us to interact with the Jupiter Nordberg.
The Jupiter notebook itself is not part of Julia.
It's going to come from Python.
But we'll see how to install that in just a minute.
So if you say Pigot ad and in double words we say Iulia, this is going to go ahead and set up a package
for you.
This might take a little bit of time because it has to install and set up some of the stuff.
So we'll skip ahead in time until this is done.
OK, so this is done.
Your output might be slightly different because I've installed Iulia before, but unless you get an
error, I Julia should be installed.
Now, there are other ways of adding packages so you can go into the package mode by hitting the closing
square bracket.
You won't see it when I enter it, but the prompt is going to change.
So I'm going to hit the closing square record and you will see that the branch change is too big.
Now you can simply go ahead and say ADD and Iulia or whatever else package you want to install.
So if you had that, it's already installed.
So you're done from the package prompt.
When you have a new prompt, you can simply hit backspace and this will drop you back to the Julia prompt.
OK, so that is how you install packages in Julia straightforward.
You don't have to handle the command line issues as you do with PIP.
OK, so to recap, this is all we've done using begi because you don't install Iulia.
Once Iulia is installed, we can start using this package using the using command.
So using Iulia is going to allow you to import Iulia and start using its functions will cover this in
depth when we start working with Julia.
But for now, we're doing this just to set up our Jupiter lab environment.
So you say using Iulia and then you say Jupiter lab function call.
So when you do this function call, you will get a prompt that will ask you whether you want to set
up a new environment, a new python environment.
For Julia.
The way this works is Python is going to provide the Jupiter notebook environment for you and everything
else is going to be in Julia.
But the environment, the idea that you work with is going to come from Python.
Julia does have its own environment, but it's slightly glitchy right now because people are working
on that.
So we're going to stick with the Jupiter Nordberg environment that you might be more familiar with.
So all you have to do is say Jupiter Lab, and it's going to give you a prompt.
I'm not going to get that because I've already set up Jupiter Lab.
But the prompt is going to ask you if a new environment should be set up for Julia, make sure that
you hit.
Why?
So that you don't run into any conflicts.
So when you hit, enter.
You get a prompt, you say why, and then it's going to go ahead, download Minniecon to set up a basic
Python environment for you and then show you the Jupiter lab environment.
You can go ahead and download the resources for this, and it will give you a notebooks folder that
is going to have all the Python notebooks that we are going to work with.
So you can go ahead and check to make sure that your package is correctly installed.
So you can go to 009 sanity check, start typing you to double the hey.
So that's going to be a string.
And if you say yes, get it or had three, it should give you.
Hey, hey, hey.
So this carrot is going to ensure that you are working with Julia and not with Python, obviously.
OK, and then you can say virgin info and you will see what the current version is.
I'm working with one five three, but one six zero has just come out and you should be able to work
with that as well.
There aren't any major changes from one five three to one six.
But since Julia is evolving really quickly, there might be two other changes down the line, but we'll
cover them as we progress.
So once you're here, you can see all the notebooks over here.
And as we progress with the course, you can go ahead and look at the individual files that we're working
with.
You can go along or look at the notebooks that I've provided.
I would highly recommend that you take the code yourself so that you can get a thorough understanding
of this if you want to follow along.
You can click on Plus and create a Julia one five three or Julia one six zero notebook and.
So let's move to the actual core of the course now and start working with the Julia language.